CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Chargebee Agentkit

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Chargebee AgentKit! We welcome all contributions, no matter how big or small.

If you’ve found a bug or have a feature request, please [open an issue](/issues) – your feedback helps us improve.

## Repository Structure

The Agentkit repository contains essential packages such as mcp-server, Cursor IDE rules, prompts, and more—all geared toward building Chargebee integration smoother and faster for developers. More importantly, it enhances Agentic AI tools to assist developers more effectively and accurately.

To make changes yourself, follow these steps:

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository and [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it locally.
2. Make your changes in the [packages/modelcontextprotocol](/packages/modelcontextprotocol) directory.
3. Submit a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/)

Commit message:

[GA-1321] - sunset-legacy-mcp-server

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Chargebee Agentkit

# ⚠️ Deprecated – No Longer Maintained

This repository is **officially deprecated** and will not receive further updates or contributions.  
Please use the new recommended solution: **[Chargebee MCP Server](https://www.chargebee.com/docs/billing/2.0/ai-in-chargebee/chargebee-mcp)**

---

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Chargebee AgentKit! We welcome all contributions, no matter how big or small.

If you’ve found a bug or have a feature request, please [open an issue](/issues) – your feedback helps us improve.

## Repository Structure

The Agentkit repository contains essential packages such as mcp-server, Cursor IDE rules, prompts, and more—all geared toward building Chargebee integration smoother and faster for developers. More importantly, it enhances Agentic AI tools to assist developers more effectively and accurately.

To make changes yourself, follow these steps:

1. [Fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) this repository and [clone](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) it locally.
2. Make your changes in the [packages/modelcontextprotocol](/packages/modelcontextprotocol) directory.
3. Submit a [pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/)
